Completed Excel tutorial (#471)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: README.md

* [PowerPoint "Hello world" add-in](Samples/hello-world/powerpoint-hello-world)
* [Word "Hello world" add-in](Samples/hello-world/word-hello-world)

### Completed tutorials

The following sample is the completed version of the [Excel add-in tutorial](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/excel-tutorial).

| Name           | Description  |
| -------------- | ------------ |

> | [Tutorial: Create an Excel task pane add-in](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/excel-tutorial) | This sample shows how to create an Excel add-in with a task pane and command ribbon buttons. The add-in shows how to create and sort a table, make a chart, freeze rows, protect a worksheet, and pop-up a dialog box. |

Reviewer: consider "display" or "pop up"
```suggestion
| [Tutorial: Create an Excel task pane add-in](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/excel-tutorial) | This sample shows how to create an Excel add-in with a task pane and command ribbon buttons. The add-in shows how to create and sort a table, make a chart, freeze a row, protect a worksheet, and display a dialog box. |
```
